we are with the norm
the friendship the companionship as you know
that when one receives criticism at home
Sometimes you have guests who do not know each other
each
you can pass without apple green tablecloth and
a decoration of flowers so color and goes
friendship is fostered people are
communicates in the best way that's why it's
very appropriate also for
rooms for the boys for
places that many friends come
today is a very very uplifting color and very
very very cheerful
listen good let's start with the
shirt collar how a neck is sewn
industrial fashion shirt first
interplay of hitting we shot the
interlacing paste we use even this
is a ruse and the same caprice that
get in the houses where they sell
fabrics for brides make for costumes
This is the ideal wedding
that is well greased well gummed and
smooth textured texture plan is
then what is the most difficult seam
to do in the neck period of
shirt is the last one where we finished
of the shirt collar then in the habit
industrial what we do that is more
difficult for the end we do it at
then then look, we take a
coat of the neck of the foot of the neck with
we cook the interlace we join by
below that is where the sea is going to be
this final point we turn towards the
Right here I do not have a mark with the
iron fix hiding a little
the interlining marcadito with the iron or
well what can they do
in the double stitching a wide stitching
what is going to look like a
double stitching interest
at the end then then once
we have prepared is this first
capital
let's sew what is the neck
properly said and here I also do
the machine is not working they go up
the pre part a little oil then
look, we sew, we come sewing, so
the needle is usually made
here and then start sewing on the other
side I'm going to teach something like Cosan
and go out with the machine and then give the
turn back and resume with the machine
that way the neck will always
better the tip and another little secret
when they reach the tip of the stitch
well chiquitita because then when
me back that neck look here me
I already have it ready, notice that when
me back this neck if I have a lot
stitch to stitch chiquitita here I can
get it out well with the tip of the scissors and
it's not going to break or it's not going to come out
fringe let's say the tip is cut
thus short notice so the two ends
and if the tip is very pronounced I have
which in turn refine the most
vienna finalist and when I turn this
neck has a right and a reverse the
right of which comes accompanied with the
interlining is to say I'm going to turn
here, notice that in this case the
right is the one that comes with
the interlining and if I took very well and
it would be on the tip is not true with
stitch well girl could push
really with the scissors and get the right
puntita in helped by a needle
then once I have finished
this look I already have the neck so
I have dotted the right of the
neck is the one that comes with the
This is the right of the people
then I will take what we had here
where it comes with the interplay
I'm going to locate the foot of the neck with the
entertainment
and on the other side I'm going to locate the one
comes loose is look a little thing
when I thing this punterita
keep in mind that the one below is going to
have a tail a leftover because no
I have the sewing of double people to
mobile and you get to see this this
I have to respect it then
I'm going to come sewing and put together all the
neck and I have it armed here fijense
I have armed this I have this one of the
interlining that matches the one that has
the interlining on the neck itself
saying
Look advise the tail is where
I will be able to know the neck in the
Garnish later once this finishes
in these tops sac travel sack
also in this toe
pulls out
of water
and then I have it ready in this
moment notice that until the little game
armed prepared
good huge say of those taquitos I
I have the armed shirt that we put on
the last class still without manga
to get this out we see it directly
on the brown paper that is going to see
best
then I have my neck ready and
the neck this is the part that is going to go
for the front of the neck
so I have to start
get this little tail here
I begin to know this tail here I
I have been sewing and that is where I will
said that the neck has to be a
a little bit bigger than the
Qwest in which the neckline then I do
this stretched and came this picket after
shot and I carry this ticket that is here
and it arrived once I have this is very
simple directly a goal towards
I turn over and look, I do not even have it
cooked but look for the ending in
so much has been avenged being another
secretito the last stitching the upturn
final I can start the middle and I give
all the way back and I come back here to not
have joints at the tips and you have left
perspective on straights and it costs me and
I like it now
they are saying more than one palace
immediately we continue with
the iron biche that will make us porta
eva rubber treats will not be Friday